
April 18, 2024

This is a story of two teenagers, a boy, who was desperately looking for love and a girl who just got out of a tiresome relationship and she too was looking for the same. This story unfolds all the different experiences these two lovers went through to start their journey of love.

For the sake of the story, we'll call the boy Francis and the girl Olivia.

After too many tries, Francis could never find anyone who understands him, someone who truly cares for him so he, like all other hopeless romantics, started using a dating app. He still had hope somewhere in his heart that he'll surely find someone even at a place where people just try to pass their time.

Soon after Olivia's breakup, she too started using the same application just to find someone with whom she could feel all those emotions that she once felt. She craved for love, affection, freedom and all other emotions which were somehow drained away by her recent experiences.

She always wanted someone who could give her attention, who could adore her like no one has ever done before. Someone, who has a pure heart like her is very rare to find these days.

One fine day while Francis was attending his lectures, he suddenly got a notification on his phone from the same application that he stopped using for a while. It said "It's a MATCH!". He somehow got a match with a girl. In the middle of the lecture, he got so excited that he couldn't control his emotions and somehow managed to use his phone while keeping it in silent mode.

The girl he got a match with was very pretty, which added more to the excitement that he already had. He stared at the pictures that the pretty girl uploaded in her profile and kept smiling for a while, in the meantime his classmate with whom he sat, warned him about the professor who had a doubt that Francis is surely distracted.

The professor called Francis and asked him to explain what he was teaching for the last thirty minutes. It took some time for him to wipe out that smile that he had for a while which made the other students smirk.

He got a warning and was asked to sit down while keeping the phone in switched off mode. So he followed that.

After the lecture was over, he could not have more patience and opened the application to message that girl.

He was too nervous to do the same but he still did and kept waiting for the reply, which he got at some point in the evening. He replied to her within no time and that's how the conversation started.

For nearly 3 weeks, they had so much to share that they kept talking for the whole night till nearly 5 or 6 am.

As they were getting less sleep, both of them felt drowsy in their classrooms in between the lectures.

In life, if something doesn't go as it is expected to be then we take measures and actions to resolve them.

The same happened with both of them, Olivia being the smarter one, suggested that they should take proper rest and whenever they are free, they could text, and Francis agreed to the same.

Francis wanted to get Olivia's personal number so that he could hear her voice but she was still not ready to share it.

One fine day, she herself asked Francis to wake her up at 7 am by calling her on her personal number as she had her tuitions from 8 am. Francis was the most happiest person that day. He got her number and asked her whether he could be her alarm clock out of excitement. She blushed and said maybe, it all depends on how he wakes her up.

The very next day Francis called her at 6:45 am, as he could not hold his horses. When the voice from the other end came, Francis was awestruck.

He had never heard a sweeter voice than what he was hearing at that moment. That was the best voice and still is the best voice in his entire life that he'll ever hear.

They talked for a while and he calmly woke her up for her tuitions.

Now the reason for his wait changed from texting to voice calls. In these few months he felt that he had already stepped into the ninth cloud.

He would call her after finishing all his lectures, and when she started to talk, Francis had butterflies in his stomach.

He started sharing all that he piled up till this very moment, she patiently heard them all. This somehow created a spark in Olivia's life. She started accepting her feelings that she was experiencing and shared her experiences and secrets over her life to him.

They continued to talk like this, and after a couple of weeks, Francis asked Olivia to meet him.

She hesitated at first but Francis assured her about all the insecurities she was having. He had now started handling situations maturely.

They decided to meet on a particular date that suited both their classes timings. Their meeting place was near to Olivia's college as it had many romantic places.

Before this meet up, Francis never had an actual date before with someone with whom he felt so attached.

On the day of the meet up, Francis would reach the decided spot on time and call Olivia to know her whereabouts. She was stuck with a documentation task in her college and that's why she was not able to pick up his calls.

This put him in a situation of overthinking, he started asking himself why she is not picking up the calls, did she actually not want to meet him, but then again she agreed to the decision to catch up, is she not interested, then what was all that for the last month.

All of these thoughts were running on and on in his mind when suddenly his phone rang and it was Olivia who called and explained the situation she was stuck in and asked him to wait near the college gate so that it will be easy to find him.

When they finally met for the first time, Olivia was looking so gorgeous and beautiful that Francis became nervous and couldn't talk properly for some time.

They both decided to eat something quickly and then go for a walk near the Mahanadi river.

After a while, they had to cross a road which was too busy. In such conditions Francis decided to hold Olivia's hand while crossing the road which really felt good to both of them.

Even after crossing the road, they kept holding hands.

That handholding, warm hugs, care is still going on after five years.

Happy Fifth Anniversary my love.

Yours and only yours
Francis.